[Music]
Hello how are you family
welcome one more day to this channel
well I'm going to leave you this
comment here that the truth is you're going to like a
lot and I think you're going to be very interested
and nothing I hope you're enjoying the
weekend like I always say I always send
a huge hug to all your family
and to you and well I come from the center and
the truth is that everything is beautiful with
the lights we decorate and How and how many
people I mean people always say I don't
have money I don't have money but come on
the center was bursting I don't know what
was in any parking lot I mean tremendous tremendous
tremendous I don't want you to
leave me in the comment box how are
you guys spending this month What
plans do you have for the 24th and the 31st
I will try to travel on the 31st since
last year I started doing it to
live the end of the year somewhere else I
try What happens is that yes it's true
that from what I'm looking at I don't know if I'm going to
get any bargain or something
more or less affordable okay But well
family I'm going  to talk about Jorge Javier
and how he's going to get out of the way so as not to
interview Alba Carrillo and so
as not to coincide with her on the programs before continuing and starting with the subject I'm going to ask you all to please subscribe to the Channel well just a moment ago I just saw that We have reached 74,000 subscribers how crazy How crazy my goodness what we are experiencing on this channel And
how beautiful How beautiful it is to start with a
channel that I thought was going to be like
an extra channel and it's really
becoming my main channel
because I think it's the one where I've
done the most hours where I'm most
interested many times in the topics So it
's true that let's not look at
the little Javier because the
truth is that for example one day like
yesterday he was strong he was very strong and
very good the truth But yes I am
here more because the truth is I don't
know if we are forming a very
good community very healthy and I love it I love it We
are all gossips Yes I
want to remind you before continuing
with the subject the subject is basically going to
revolve around  that Alba Carrillo has not
only been on this mediaface today, I
have no idea why they
keep broadcasting that crap that
nobody watches dude I mean nobody watches it
that in the last one they got 8% of the
audience that channel 47 I don't know if
you will remember channel 47 which
no longer exists is going to beat them in audience
without existing look how things are no
but well Alba Carrillo at the media
Fest at the TV factory and tomorrow
on the deluxe poly in the end she gave in and there's
deluxe tomorrow with Alba Carrillo no what's
going on because Jorge Javier
doesn't want to meet with Alba Carrillo they've
had some pretty
serious problems and well let's talk about it and
let's remember them no this headline
Jorge Javier wins the lawsuit
filed against him by a contestant from Secret
Story he wanted to paper me and he didn't
succeed This is a somewhat real headline let's
see it is a real headline but told in
a blinded way Precisely in a
video that I made a while ago about
Antonio David's lawyer the channel that has been
created and so on that I hope in that
channel start to deal with these types of
things and apply them so that people
understand and do not manipulate them and do not
keep them and so on okay the
question is very simple the lawsuit that
in quotes Well it is not in
quotes the desire Jorge Javier is a
lawsuit that Lucía pariente files but it
is not a lawsuit for insult or
slander or right to honor it is a
labor lawsuit like the one Antonio
David files when you file a lawsuit you
can name several defendants just
as several people can file the
lawsuit okay there is the plaintiff and there
is the defendant the
plaintiff can be made up of one
person or several and the defendant
can be made up of one person or
several When I say person they can be
people they can be companies or they can
be you understand me no So in this
case Lucía pariente Alba's mother
sued Telecinco,
Mediaset and the production company for labor issues and Jorge
Javier what happened well Lucía
pariente won the lawsuit for that null dismissal against
the production company
and absolved Mediaset and  Jorge Javier it does
n't make any sense that
he brought Jorge Javier in Jorge Javier it
's true that he kicked her out of the set and he
got really into it with her and he
probably crossed the line I don't remember I would have to
check it but no he's not the one
who kicked her out okay or in other words those
responsible for your contract are the ones who
hire you who are through Mediaset through
the production company through the production company Well
then they condemn the production company Why does
Mr. Nulo fire you and compensate you and
pay you whatever you have to pay when
Antonio David files the lawsuit he files it against
the TV factory and
Mediaset they
condemn the TV factory and
also a very good and very spectacular sentence
great sentence we have commented on it
many times but halfway through they
acquit him this means that
Mediaset wins the lawsuit because they are
right because I don't know what no this
means that Mediaset is not
responsible for Antonio
David's contract it is the TV factory okay And
look at you I would see more reason in the
case of Mediasea than it would have been
condemned in the case of Antonio David because
when Carlota Corredera gives that
statement  that they fired Antonio David
because he is an abuser and they don't want him
on the network. She also says that the
decision
extends to all of the group's programs
and to Mediaset. Okay.
But well, there is no fight over
whether they have defamed, they have not defamed, it was a
matter of an employment contract. So
in that case, the producer was responsible.
Well, here it is the same thing,
sincerely I do not understand how
Lucía Pariente or the lawyer who
took her. I do not understand why they include
Jorge Javier in the lawsuit. There was no
possibility that they would condemn anything or that they
would hold
Jorge Javier responsible. But well, evidently they
acquitted him and condemned the
producer.
Lucía Pariente wins that lawsuit.
Lucia Pariente wins in part. If Lucía
Pariente had filed the lawsuit
only against the producer, she would have won
completely, but since she filed the
lawsuit, she also named Jorge Javier
and the network as defendants. Well, evidently they did
not admit that part. What is
happening is that they wanted to present it as if it had been
a complaint for
harassment. This is something that many
people do. They sued me.  by right to
honor okay it's simply pressures
that you disrespect someone in
expressions even the lawsuit they put
insults that were not directed to the
people who sued you know trying to take
advantage of the fact that maybe the
judges are not going to check all the
videos and in the
newspaper headlines it was the plaintiffs who
put that it was a lawsuit for harassment okay
This is to manipulate and to create a
bad image and to slander you okay
because a lawsuit for harassment does not exist
in your case it would be a complaint that would be
a lawsuit for the criminal route no
but basically what they did was
put it as a harasser and Jorge at the time
defended himself he defended himself alleging that he
wanted Alba Carrillo out of the network
which is not in his hands and that he was not
going to agree with her anymore what
happens now Alba Carrillo is the
topic of the moment and since she is the topic of the
moment then he has no choice but to bow his
head to the producer and bring her to the
program no matter what Jorge
Javier thinks what is there Because Jorge is
going to take a couple of
rest diets he is not going to  go neither to the Media Fest
nor to the deluxe tomorrow
okay
and I
asked Alba to forget about me it's
as if I were dead yeah Well he
asked her and also dropped as he
always does to the network not so that they would throw him
between the lines okay that
later he broke that rule and talked
about me Even though he was dead but well
I don't remember Alba talking about
Jorge I don't know if it was maybe in some
podcast that we haven't seen or
clarifying it or answering
Jorge's word it could also be bothering
dead I want to say what I don't
consider myself Logical is that I can talk
about this subject if I am dead
very well you can put an x ​​okay he has
decided to remain silent throughout the
afternoon because let's see the subject is the
subject the subject of Alba Carrillo So he
has decided to remain silent throughout
the afternoon and also as I am telling you well he will
not present even the megafe
tonight well surely when he is
uploading This video you have already seen the
program or it will not have finished yet nor
tomorrow the deluxe so well we will
see what happens family I will be
reading you I will be delighted to  Read the
comments box to see what you think.
Subscribe, please give it a like,
everyone, please. A big hug
and see you tomorrow, family.
[Music]